everybody's concentrating on Jim
Stephanie's and Glen just spared in the
sixth Poseidon that he's been striking
all the way along as he's in the ninth
frame
an entrant in the Firestone field you
must win a championship in order to be
eligible for Firestone and I know he
would love to win Oh a lot of great ones
coming up March 2nd as STP Classic in
Miami $85,000 lincoln-mercury open in
Denver Colorado March 16th March 23rd
the $80,000 Miller High Life open March
30th the $80,000 urbanite open april
625,000 the Firestone Tournament of
Champions what a lineup and what prize
mantra this man needs some strikes
okay went away around his body but let's
see there you see the ball going behind
his back now when he comes forward
instead of going straight through toward
his target it goes way out to the right
you see and can't make that sharp hook
break back into the ones free pocket and
that was one that he needed he could
strike out for 278 which would a painter
that is 243 for Glenn Carlson but here
it is ain't gonna lose that that's a
rough day
Jim Stephanie nine strikes out a perfect
game $10,000
and a new cougar courtesy of
lincoln-mercury he needs three
we've only had two perfect games on
national TV before Jackie on DeLillo in
Houston Texas Texas of Houston Texas
that was in Akron in 1967 tournament
champions had Johnny Gunther and San
Jose in 1969
hey remember that the third
the game is won but this is 300 and a
new cougar automobile all on a strike
right here and the first show of the
year
this is it for $10,000
strike number 13
sorry
vation visitors
again
beautiful arm swing floating in is Paula
crew
but he did score either side the boss
take straight hill right into one free
pocket and doubt that for so
now your junk wizards us the third game
live i television gem stuff is going
down there a perfect game